I was married to him
I'm going to convince him that he lost
Is that stubborn Meiji sure to lose?
Too scared to come
Sister, you are killing people and you are like your heart
In case that Qin Feiyang wins
How many people kicked him?
Impossible, these two rounds of despising him have no chance of winning
Qipin Princess
Several young talents have arrived
Only the prince of Zhenbei Palace, Qin Feiyang, was not seen
Princess, in my opinion
He's just afraid of making a fool of himself in public
So I dare not come
Let's start, don't wait
If he doesn't come, he will disobey the will
Father has his own decision
Obey
Princess Linglong
The recruitment conference is immediately selected, etc.
Yes, Your Highness
You're finally here.
This kid is the grand finale
The man also brought something
It seems that he came prepared
Rules of the recruitment conference
The whole city has long known
Let's do it!
End early
This prince can also discuss the wedding with the princess earlier